# package

Package - JavaScript client for package
Compute@Edge is a computation platform capable of running custom binary packages that you compile on your own systems and upload to Fastly. These packages are associated with a service version and are deployed to Fastly's edge network.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0-beta
- Package version: 1.0.0-beta
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install package --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your package from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Package = require('package');


var api = new Package.ServicesPackageApi()
var serviceId = SU1Z0isxPaozGVKXdv0eY; // {String} 
var versionId = 1; // {Number} 
api.getPackage(serviceId, versionId).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.fastly.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Package.ServicesPackageApi* | [**getPackage**](docs/ServicesPackageApi.md#getPackage) | **GET** /service/{service_id}/version/{version_id}/package | Get details of the service&#39;s Compute@Edge package.
*Package.ServicesPackageApi* | [**putPackage**](docs/ServicesPackageApi.md#putPackage) | **PUT** /service/{service_id}/version/{version_id}/package | Upload a Compute@Edge package.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Package.InlineResponse200](docs/InlineResponse200.md)
 - [Package.MetadataModel](docs/MetadataModel.md)
 - [Package.ModelPackage](docs/ModelPackage.md)
 - [Package.ModelPackageMetadata](docs/ModelPackageMetadata.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
